Q3. The old content got deleted for the new content because
its a natural property of writing data; it overrides anything in it.
Q5. By default, append adds to thhe end of the file, and this 
is shown when we keep appending, and it keeps adding writing after
the whole of the message. However, we can not use ios::app and instead use 
stringstream and a buffer to hold the information from our data before adding 
the new message in, and then reinserting the data. Stringstream as a initializer
is used to hold the files contents in its entirety and can then allow
buffer to hold all the data.
Q6. The edge case of empty string simply causes the file to be created,
but nothing to be inputted so it doesn't print anything. To be safe, I added
a edge case that warns the user that nothing is inputted without creating the 
file. The invalid file name is dealt with by checking that the file is opened
after creating it using FileExists, and it displays an error if there was a problem with 
creating it that is caused probably by the file name. The very large string
isn't likely to be an issue due to the write being able to accept that, and 
for it to need changes requires extreme amounts of words to where it'd 
likely be a problem of ram rather than the code. The multiple times in a loop
will simply override itself each time so it'll just be the end message, and that
doesn't require any changes.
Q8.
1.The difference between ios::out and ios::app is that ios::out deletes all content
in the file before inserting the new message. ios::app keeps the data, but adds 
the new data in the end of the file after the already written data.
2. We use classes to keep data protected and not able to be altered from within
main, as well as keeping our functions organized and modular.
3. The advantages to encapsulation are that it makes editing much simpler as you
don't have to go back and forth for the code, and instead everything is in one 
place, and it also makes it easier for others to understand your code and how
each part is used.
4. If you forget to close a file, the data you write won't actually be written onto
the file, and instead just held there waiting for more inputs.